(speaking in foreign language)
And now from that pure land, the Buddha of Amitayu, and the Buddha of Amitayu, or Amitabha,
then, ought to benefit to this role, then the emanation came in here, is known as the Penma Sambha,
or the Guru of Penma Sambha.
So Guru of Penma Sambha is directly emanation of the Buddha Amitayu, or the Amitabha,
in order to help and benefit, remove the suffering and the difficulties of the beings of this world
,
particularly then, of course, all the living beings.
And that emanation is known as that, as what we all know, Buddha, Guru of Penma Sambha.
(speaking in foreign language)
Now, the Guru of Penma Sambha is, again, direct emanation of the Buddha Amitayu.
He's already enlightened beings, absolutely enlightened beings,
both relative to the level and as well absolute level, totally enlightened beings.
But yet, to kind of demonstrate it, to inspire to the other followers that enlightenment is not
just going to come,
without having the devotion, joyful effort, courage and commitment, determination,
and then, with all those, we cannot reach enlightenment.
But to show that, to teach that to us, then Guru of Penma Sambha also demonstrates learned practice
, meditation,
and kind of on the appearance, on the surface level, in a way, that he showed that to us.
He also showed that he meditated practice and then become very high realization, one after another,
or enlightenment.
And then also, in the teaching, he said that even though he's already Buddha Amitayu himself,
but on to again, to show to us, then he practiced the Buddha Amitayu,
together with the Western Rakini, known as Madanava, in the cave Marathika, Marathaka Cave, in
about three months.
After that, during three-month practices of the Buddha Amitayu,
Buddha Amitayu came instantly in the space of the Guru of Penma Sambha and Western Rakini,
Madanava, and the Buddha Amitayu empowered both of them, and become inseparably Buddha Amitayu.
Again, reignited his realization in one way, that and become immortal state of the rainbow body,
or indestructible state of the rainbow body, that until samsara is completely empty,
until that long, when Guru of Penma Sambha's continuation emanation and Guru of Penma Sambha, as
Guru of Penma Sambha,
our present will continue to stay, and that's what is then known as the Buddha Amitayu inseparably,
Guru of Penma Sambha.
Then, in the eighth century, Guru of Penma Sambha came to Tibet, as you all know, as the invitation
of the King to Sondenti.
Guru of Penma Sambha gave many teachings to many of those dedicated practitioners, including King
to Sondenti,
and particularly, Guru of Penma Sambha also gave the empowerment of the Buddha Amitayu to King to S
ondenti, and as well as others,
because life is generally, everyone's life is very precious, life is very precious, health is very
precious,
and therefore, the Buddha Amitayu is the Buddha to extend the life and health, and the longevity,
and for that reason, then, Guru of Penma Sambha gave the empowerment to the Cait to Sondenti at the
cave known as Yamala, Sami Yamala Caves.
The Buddha of Penma Sambha came to the cave known as Yamala Caves, and the Buddha of Penma Sambha,
and the Buddha of Penma Sambha also gave the empowerment to the Cait to Sondenti,
and the Buddha of Penma Sambha also gave the empowerment to the Cait to Sondenti, and the Buddha of
Penma Sambha also gave the empowerment to the Cait to Sondenti,
and the Cait to Sondenti is also going to receive, with joyfully, this empowerment of the Buddha
Amitayu,
but however, there is an interruption came. An interruption is that, because at that time,
it's the very beginning of the time of the Buddhism, and not everyone is practicing Dharma in Tibet
.
There are many powerful ministers who are very pro-native religious, known as Pong religions,
and then as well as his Queen, also known as Margisa, was very devoted to the native Pong religions
.
And all, every foreign, those teachers, including Guru of Penma Sambha,
every those Pong masters, ministers, and queens, all are very suspicious, true to everyone.
And when Guru of Penma Sambha was going to give this teaching or the empowerment of the Buddha Amit
ayu to Sondenti,
Ed came, known as that Sami Yamalong, and when this queen and minister discovered that he is going
to receive those teachings,
and they taught so much suspicious, taught a lot of suspicious, and this might be something going
to make,
not good, but bad, to Cait to Sondenti.
(Sondenti speaks in foreign language)